No reimports plugin (#242)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

- Removed `model_rebuild` calls for generated input, fragment and result models. 

> - Added `NoReimportsPlugin` that removes content of `__init__.py`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `NoReimportsPlugin` that makes the `__init__.py` of generated client package empty.
```
